Conquer, Destroy, Create

Most people are sick- in the head. Why? Because they lack the  desire to translate into reality and because they lack the character to break  the psychic chains of the modern world forged from ideas.

And I am not writing about mediocre vision, either – but about grandiose vision: vision which makes one aspire to greatness, to make  real what others may sometimes dream about perhaps once in their puny,  pathetic lives. I am writing about that inner vision which drives some individuals and which makes them great: makes them aspire to fulfill at least part of their god-like potential. That inner demon which compels, which makes one strive again and again and never admit defeat, even when faced with death.

Conquerors have vision: so do Artists and Explorers and Warriors. Today, there is an excess of petty individuals trying to make real their  petty and cowardly concerns; an excess of petty officials and petty rules  and petty governments trying to restrain the individual spirit and psyche;  an excess of petty ideas trying to level down all individuals to the lowest
level and SO breed a plastic bastard race equal in all things who no longer  aspire to real greatness.

What is needed are individuals who dream large – who strive to  make those dreams real, regardless of the consequences. In short, a return of the conquering attitude. All that is great and worthwhile is built from  the blueprint of inner vision, the greatest vision is conquest – of ourselves,  of others, of what is still unknown . There are no limits unless we in  weakness set our limits. We, today, need to rediscover the delight of  discovery and conquest: of going where no one has been before, of being  masters of our own Destiny by following our visions and instincts.

This is not easy. Let the weak, the scum, the majority huddle together in their quest for happiness and material well-being. Let them  seek comfort in each other and ideas. Individuals are born from hardship – from the hardship of questing after a dream. Conquest and exploration  bring a joy, and create a uniqueness, like no other – the joy and individuality of a god.

Seek to be like a god – that is the answer to the misery that is bred  from morbid self-pity and smallness and a wallowing in abstract ideas – from the seeking after illusions like happiness and comfort and stupid  ideas like ‘freedom’ and ‘justice’. The only freedom is the freedom to dream and the freedom to make that dream real, just as the only justice is
that which is within each individual: what they feel . Of course, the weak  and the cowardly feel a different sense of justice than the strong – they call this ‘law’ and enshrine it within a church to their Gods of ‘democracy’ and ‘equality’, whereas the strong call their justice vengeance and honor, words which the majority fear or do not understand.

So what dreams are, today, fit enough for those who aspire to be  like Gods? There are only two, as this century ends. And they are connected.

The first is to destroy those edifices which the cowards, the weak,  the huddling majority have erected to defend themselves from the natural elite – those few who dare, who defy, who despise and are fearless and conquering in their defiance. To destroy those government forms,  Institutions or whatever as a prelude to renewed creation: as prelude to  the conquest of the supine masses and their world. To destroy all that has  and does enervate – all that makes individuals slaves and seeks to stop  their dreams. For the world and its peoples exist for the benefit of the  natural elite – to be subjects, to aid them, to use the resources so that in  time there is an evolution upwards, rather than downwards: an evolution  toward still higher forms. But this has been and only can be achieved by  the majority aspiring to emulate the deeds and daring of the few, of the  natural elite – by the morality and vision of the few becoming the  morality and vision of the many , not the other way round . This, naturally,  means suffering – perhaps wars, perhaps great sorrows. But all that is  great arises from suffering not softness. Once the vision of the few is  defeated by the many, once their energies are redirected – once the
dreaming stops and the aspiring ceases – then there is decline and  sickness, of the spirit and the psyche. This can be put very simply: war and conquest and exploration are needed; when they stop, decay sets in, the scum come to the surface.

Thus, goals of destruction, re-construction and creation must be set – and striven for. This requires a new breed, a new elite nurtured by naturalness and instinct and visions. An elite which others see, and are  afraid of. Such an elite may not be political – but if it was, so what? So what if it became labeled as extreme, if the vision behind it became to be  called by some name or other! Labels, names – and indeed analysis of the  political, social and intellectual kind – are games played by the weak, the  cowardly, the sick and the scum. What matters is action, the desire to achieve, to become again fierce, tough, forbidding and thus real individuals who have broken the psychic chains of the majority. What is important is inner resolve.

These goals would naturally lead to that second dream, fit for a  god: the exploration of Space – to break away from the smallness of this world and find new ones: to explore, to conquer, to challenge us to even  greater heights of being, to reach the limits of our potential and thus become god-like in our unique individuality – a new species that spreads ever onwards and upwards, toward even more, for evolution is never  done. The planets, the stars, the galaxies – with their visions, their richness, their splendors, await us: and it is up to us, each and every one of us, whether we reach them, We can begin that quest – or we can remain trapped in our own pettiness with our petty, pathetic concerns and outlook, on this small insignificant planet. Or we can take up the  challenge of ourselves and our future and seek to be like Gods, and thus fulfill the potential latent within us.

The first step is to change ourselves – within, where it matters, and become strong in spirit and psyche: a warrior in outlook and intent. The second is to spread that change outward – to others and external forms, destroying and then creating. The third is to strive further – toward the fulfillment of our inner vision, on this world and on others.

Those who choose not to act have condemned themselves as failures.

Anton Long

EXTRACT FROM NEXION: A GUIDE TO SINISTER STRATEGY

Essential to the Western ethos, and thus the fulfillment of its wyrd, is the belief in the superiority of its peoples and its civilization. This belief, held by the ‘creative minority’ of all civilizations regarding themselves and their own civilization an essential part of the mechanism of all civilizations, and it alone enables transmission of the elan of the civilization and thus the fulfillment of the magickal Aeon. It is a natural part of evolution, and failure to understand this means a misunderstanding of the mechanism by which acausal energy becomes a civilization: there is no v morality’ involved, no ‘political view’, merely an expression of the workings of the cosmos (particularly as relates to individuals not yet Adepts…), This view, so important to an understanding of the future (and thus to Aeonic magick and the futures such magick can create), is anathema today.

The unnatural dogma of the Magian, presenced in State/government forms, has made the reality of racial inequality a crime in law. Here, the abstract fulminations of the Nazarenes and their allies are at their most dangerous: they have distorted not only the ethos of the West but also reality itself to accord with their own cherished dogma. The result is inevitable: the dominance of Magian/Nazarene ideas, a dying Western civilization, and a severe downturn in those who can apprehend the essence and thus fulfill their own wyrd. (As mentioned elsewhere, the achievement of a Galactic Imperium – the outcome of a Western civilization following its own elan/archetypes – is regarded as a necessary precondition for the next Aeon: the ‘New Aeon’ of ‘Occult mythology’ when the ‘passing of the Abyss’ becomes possible on a large scale.)

Given this understanding, it is up to each and every Adept to decide what or what not to do regarding Aeonic magick. All such understanding does is open up possibilities for the future. There can be rites to aid the fulfillment of Western wyrd (e.g. ‘heretical masses’ where racial inequality is triumphed and Nazarene equality derided); rites to dismember the Nazarene images, replacing them with sinister but not directive ones (directive in the sense of Western wyrd); rites to create new archetypes entirely; rites to open another ‘Gate’, aiming to return the Dark Gods….
	
Heretical Notes

The following notes briefly outline some present-day heretical ideas – they challenge the accepted orthodoxy that the majority accept without question.

Human Evolution:

The orthodoxy is that all present day races evolved from a common ancestor in Africa. The reality is that evolution occurred in several places at different times – that is the leap from Australo-
pithecus (and other variants) to Homo occurred in different places at different times, leading to the various human species manifest in different races. This was the now heretical view of anthropologist Charles S. Coon. On this view, the ‘Homo’ branch that led to the present European races, was the first to evolve into ‘Sapiens’ – perhaps as much as 100,000 years before that branch which be came the present day African races.

Black Holes:

A modern theoretical idea which has assumed a reality in the minds of not only the majority, but also most scientists. Until proven by direct observation, such ideas are speculative and rather like the medieval debates about how many angels can sit on a pinhead. The mentality behind such ideas is the same. The orthodoxy of cosmology is to endlessly speculate with few, if any facts or observations. Fantasy has taken over from experiment in this science as in many others.

Cosmology, and modern Physics, need to return to direct experimentation – and for an understanding of the Universe this means Space Travel. More was learnt from the few photographs of
the Voyager probes than from centuries of Earth-based observation and centuries of speculation.

Iraq:

A rather more topical heresy. The orthodoxy regards Iraq and particularly its present leader as appalling. It is heresy to suggest that Saddam is actually a good leader. He is detested in ‘the
West’ because he has stood up to those bully-boy tactics of America (do this – or else we will go to war/impose sanctions) and because he makes no secret of his dislike of Israel (without American financial and military support/loans, Israel would wither and die). He has also exposed – for those
who can think for themselves – the United Nations for what it is: a puppet of the United States, implementing the American New World Order. Hence the campaigns against him in the Western media.

The White Race:

Is the White Race doomed? It certainly seems so. But if it is losing the battle for world survival, whose fault is it? If it is losing, then it must as a whole be weak. Does it deserve to survive? In life, there are winners and losers. Nature is ruthless – the predators win. The White Race is being preyed upon at this moment in its evolution – by other races. It has lost its racial instincts for survival. No one is to blame for this state of affairs but the White race – it has allowed itself to become weak.

Sourced from Nexion — A Guide to Sinister Strategy.  ONA MSS 110 yF.

-=EOF=-
