The SJW Problem

The Social Justice Worker movement is really nothing new in the grand scheme of things. SJWs are gutter trash just like the goddamn dirty hippies were in the 60s and just like all other faggot freak niggerlovers are. They only gain traction because of the system; it’s foot soldiers and corporations all share the same anti white we are all eqwkal bullshit Jew philosophy.

Now if you are out flyering or protesting or what have you and some faggot queer SJW comes at you yelling at you or threatening you I’ll tell you right now they are cowards and they operate in groups like the cowardly scum they are. But do not give them any quarter or allow them to intimidate you. If they don’t back away and they want to cause harm to you then it’s in your best interest to punch that tranny faggot freak in the face and break it’s gender queer nose. Maybe give “it” a few kicks in the head when it’s down until brain matter splatters all over the concrete.

And the white ones are the absolute worse our race has to offer. The females (if they actually are biological women I mean here not their queer mental illness fantasy) are usually fat, ugly and coal burning pieces of shit. They support a religion  (Islam) that wants to put a burka on them and parade them around like dogs or animals. So they are some of the least intelligent and common sense oriented people out there. And their need for safety and safe spaces and protected speech shows how scared and cowardly they truly are. And the males are usually homosexuals or shemales or God knows what. In any case I don’t think anyone should call themselves a proud National Socialist individual if they are afraid of these faggot freaks.

They are usually young people and college aged. And they are socially engineered from childhood via media brainwashing and academic institutions either public or post secondary ones to be the way they are. And these individuals when they come out, come out in droves usually at campuses because that’s their base of operation. And they would be too scared being cowards to face a proud Aryan warrior alone. One on one like a man.

They don’t have a sense of logical and they are degenerate by products of the society this sick sick system has created. They do not want anyone to think, feel or speak in a way that upsets their emotions. And it’s wild in fact how ridiculous it has gotten. They try to get people fired and have. And they try to manipulate and control corporations and government agencies etc. And of course agents of the system are all too happy to relent. Because such a system of where you can no longer say or think freely is the sort of aimed total enslavement of the human race the system desires.

So give no quarter to these sick and twisted individuals. And if they come at you yelling and screaming and spitting. Stick your goddamn foot up their ass.
Posted on February 22, 2017Leave a comment on The SJW Problem	
The Lifeblood of the System

Money is the lifeblood and the sustenance of the system. Like a sweet nectar it nourishes itself on usury and the financial slavery of others. The systems own foot soldiers are bought and paid for via money. The system doesn’t have a invested interest in the poor or middle class becoming rich. Via such things as the recession we’ve seen the rich get richer and the gap between poor and rich grow wider.

The taxation system in power right now saps all of your money to support welfare niggers and “social programs” and feeds the belly of the beast itself. More and more taxes are going to become increasingly unfair until you are little more financially free than a feudal serf was.

The sweet thing about this sort of “gibs me” system in Canada is that you can milk it for its worth yourself if you play your cards right. And milking such an unsustainable system will push further and further down the drain.

Another way is to live “off the grid” ie living to as much as you can in a sort of wilderness or rural environment not requiring too much of your money to be sapped to support anti Aryan laws and social programs for non whites. Grow your own vegetables or fruits, hunt wild game, dig your own well, use a solar panel for electricity, burn your own wood, etc.

For those of you working in high tier intuitions such as banks or corporations you can sell trade secrets or sabotage the financial system from within engineering it towards a more total collapse.

The problem is to some extent we are controlled like puppets via money. We need it to live nowadays for the most part. Some sort of income somehow from somewhere. So another way is to make an income via illegal means and all the sweeter if those illegal means sicken or help poison the system further.

The imagination is truly limitless for ways to get back at the system even if it means putting a round through Mr Bankerstein’s skull or robbing a Jew bank.

In the future if we can get enough revolutionaries together living say offshore in international waters or on our own dominated parcel of land free from state intervention using our own means of financial support or even bartering and working communally will be very, very beneficial.

I said it before and I’ll say it again THIS IS WAR AND THE ENDS ALWAYS JUSTIFY THE MEANS IN WAR!
Posted on February 22, 2017Leave a comment on The Lifeblood of the System	
Search for:
Banner
Advertisements

